Hi and welcome to the course area guided project How
to create a genius crown project.
My name is Angela pollen Low and I am a digital consultant
educator and developer.
I have been working with major tech companies such as google
IBM and linkedin on a variety of technical and business
projects.
And for the past few years I've been managing my own company.
I'm very passionate about learning the lines, so I'm really
glad you're here today in this project we will learn how
to create the scrum project Indira.
So in the process we will learn the basics of this agile
methodology.
Nigeria is one of the most successful agile project
management Softwares.
Agile methodologies per se allow you to manage effectively.
Software development as well as known technical projects
that require high speed and flexibility.
Agile methodologies were created as a software development
methodologies but over the past few years
they have been applied also to know strictly technical
context.
So that might be valid project management frameworks for you.
Agile methodologies like scrum allow you and your team
to move away from a waterfall or linear progression where
one thing follows the other and rather quickly adapt
and change your roadmap based on the outcome of each of your
project activities.
As you learn about scrum and vera.
This project can be very useful for members of technical
teams. Software engineers, project managers, program managers
and you will learn both how to use the Jiro software as well
as some general theory behind agile project management
specifically the scrum framework.
I really want you to be able to acquire new skills and put
them in practice.
So we will use very practical tips for you to learn
the skills and be able to showcase this to your potential
employers, your colleagues and making part of your own
professional portfolio.
In this first task we will learn about Coursera guided
projects, have a look at what the final outcome of your
project will look like and so what you will learn and begin
by creating a free jury account.
Let's begin, especially if this is your first time.
Welcome to Coursera guided projects and let me give you
a brief overview of the interface and this wonderful learning
format.
On the left hand side you have your virtual desktop, a fully
functional machine although for this project it
will be limited to a browser window as the project is
entirely online.
In this virtual machine you can practice alongside my
instructional video that is currently playing on the right
hand side of your screen.
You should see it already zoomed in on the relevant part
of the screen and following my mouse movements mouse
over the instructional video and you will be able to pause
and played, change speed, activate close captioning and other
controls as well as reviewing resources if available
and resizing your working screens.
Feel free to pass the video and take a minute to familiarize
yourself with the interface, then resume when you're done.
Great, let's have a look now at what the final outcome
of this project will look like so that we can have a glimpse
into what you will learn in this guided project, excited
and ready to get started.
Let's begin.
Then we will start by creating a free jere account
as we create the account.
We will be already channeled into the process of creating
a new project.
If you are already a jitter user you can skip this step
and move to the next task where we will begin creating
the project in order to create your fridge your account
simply click the my account, drop down menu on the top right
hand corner of your screen, then click log in in the next
green, enter your email address if you prefer.
You can use the google Microsoft or Apple authentication
services, logging in with any of these accounts.
If you have already won, I'm going to sign up by email so
I'm going to insert my email address and then click continue.
I'll enter the name I want to use for the service and then
click sign up.
I'm going to complete the verification process, then
click verify when you're done and this will send an email,
a verification email to your address in order to confirm
the account.
If you have used the google or apple or Microsoft
authentication services, you will not see this step logging
in your email, you will see a verification email like this
and then you can simply click verify your email to complete
the process and this will have you creating your free tier
account.
You will be redirected to your log in page and asked
to create a password, choose the password that you prefer
and then click sign up, verify again and the process
will be completed.
So you will be automatically sent to your homepage where you
can try to gear a software, you can then click choose
after to try it and you may be brought back to the jury home
page and then simply click get it free to get started
with the judas software.
We won't need the confluence or Jiro service management which
are additional products will stay with zero software On your
free plan.
You have 10 users And two GB of storage included.
You can click next and they will have you creating a site,
a project, website, we can call this scrum project and then
assign it an identification number just so that you can have
a unique name and then click agree this will have
you creating a new site under which you can create
one or more projects.
And this will have you start in the process of creating your
first project which is what we will do in the next task.
See you there.